about.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: About the Podcast
permalink: /about/
---

A podcast about the web and the people who build it. It's hosted by [Adam Garrett-Harris](https://twitter.com/agarrharr), and I interview people that I think are doing interesting things (usually related to web development (sometimes [board games](http://www.weboftomorrowpodcast.com/35)).

## Reach out

Feel free to reach out to us on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/weboftomorrowfm) and please rate and review the podcast if you like it.

## Subscribe

You can subscribe with:

- [rss](http://www.weboftomorrowpodcast.com/feed.rss)
- [iTunes](https://itunes.apple.com/us/podcast/web-of-tomorrow/id1033636563)
- [Google Play Music](https://goo.gl/app/playmusic?ibi=com.google.PlayMusic&isi=691797987&ius=googleplaymusic&link=https://play.google.com/music/m/Iiner35ag2pcyhsp6zy3myk5z6e?t%3DWeb_of_Tomorrow)
- [Stitcher](http://www.stitcher.com/podcast/adam-harris/web-of-tomorrow)
- [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCXzAn1N1xGxRmw_p_sPPBMA)

## History

It started off in [Episode 0](http://www.weboftomorrowpodcast.com/0) with hosts [Riley Carrasquillo](https://twitter.com/portoreekan) and Adam in August of 2015 and they co-hosted for one year before Adam took over.
## Disclaimer

The opinions expressed in this podcast, by the hosts or guests, are our own and may not reflect the opinions of our employers.

Commit message:

Add logo and music designer

about.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: About the Podcast
permalink: /about/
---

A podcast about the web and the people who build it. It's hosted by [Adam Garrett-Harris](https://twitter.com/agarrharr), and I interview people that I think are doing interesting things (usually related to web development (sometimes [board games](http://www.weboftomorrowpodcast.com/35)).

The logo was designed by [Adam Christiansen](https://dribbble.com/shots/3294944-Web-Of-Tomorrow) and the intro and outro music is by [Andrew Jensen](https://github.com/andrewjensen).

## Reach out

Feel free to reach out to us on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/weboftomorrowfm) and please rate and review the podcast if you like it.

## Subscribe

You can subscribe with:

- [rss](http://www.weboftomorrowpodcast.com/feed.rss)
- [iTunes](https://itunes.apple.com/us/podcast/web-of-tomorrow/id1033636563)
- [Google Play Music](https://goo.gl/app/playmusic?ibi=com.google.PlayMusic&isi=691797987&ius=googleplaymusic&link=https://play.google.com/music/m/Iiner35ag2pcyhsp6zy3myk5z6e?t%3DWeb_of_Tomorrow)
- [Stitcher](http://www.stitcher.com/podcast/adam-harris/web-of-tomorrow)
- [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCXzAn1N1xGxRmw_p_sPPBMA)

## History

It started off in [Episode 0](http://www.weboftomorrowpodcast.com/0) with hosts [Riley Carrasquillo](https://twitter.com/portoreekan) and Adam in August of 2015 and they co-hosted for one year before Adam took over.
## Disclaimer

The opinions expressed in this podcast, by the hosts or guests, are our own and may not reflect the opinions of our employers.
